32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	0.35	had	32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 %	someone living alone		
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	0.43	forms	A CEN	an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership		
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	0.30	became	he	the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history	in September 2006	
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	0.35	is also located	A cafeteria	on the sixth floor		
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	0.30	set	a temporary air-conditioned public space	up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave		
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	0.30	can not be presented	it	as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension		
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .	0.35	to stop	A mid-March 2002 court order	printing for three months		
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	0.38	was staged	A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting the few held in the UK	at Ammanford		
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .	0.38	diverges	NC 111	on Greenwood Boulevard	A short distance to the east	
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	0.35	has	A spectrum from a single FID	a low signal-to-noise ratio		
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	0.38	is	the population of the town	2,310		
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	0.38	became	many Koreans	victims of Japanese brutalities	during the colonial period	
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .	0.30	has	the town	a total area		
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not-for-profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	0.32	is accused	Gonzalez	of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc.		
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .	0.30	has controversially begun referring	the French Community of Belgium	to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation		
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	0.38	hauling ceased	cable	and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels	After 1895	
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	0.38			After five years of searching	
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	0.38			After leaving `` Hex	
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	0.38			After the battle	
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	0.30	caused	his accident	to the cameraman		
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	0.35	was published was	An original limited artist edition of 250	in 1989 an oversized fine press slip-cased book		
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	0.30	has formed	ABS	a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States		
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	0.41	escorted		Aisha back to Madina		
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	0.43	comprises	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding		
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	0.35	were built	Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc.	in close proximity to the MAZ plant		
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	0.37	can use	Applications	this service to record activity for a production system		
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .	0.43	facilitates	Applying this technique	the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen		
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	0.36	insisted	he	, against O'Connell 's wishes		
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	0.38	was enshrined	the team	into the Basketball Hall of Fame	in 1959	
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	0.38	becomes	it	clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range		
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .	0.38	had to be dredged	the lower river	three times in two years		
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	0.30	sent	the French kings	commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs	As early as the 15th century	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	0.32	contrasts	Armah	the two worlds of materialism and moral values		
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	0.38	requires	absolute accuracy of a measurement	a functionality for calibration		
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	0.35	were	Assisting in the recording process	Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group		
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	0.32	helped	Celine Dion	the newly solvent airline		
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	0.30	were killed	8 people	in the ensuing tsunami		
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	0.30			At one point	
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	0.38	plays	the alliance	a significant role in Islamic ethics		
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	0.32	can outperform	Beast	any Olympic-level athlete		
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	0.35	was happily married	Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart	to Wonder Woman		
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	0.35	failure	Burnham died of heart			
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	0.30	simply reduces	this practice	government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt		
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	0.30			By then	
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	0.40	had returned	Simpson	to his mansion in Brentwood	By this point	
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .	0.43	appear to have	Certain fractional quantum Hall phases	the right properties for building a topological quantum computer		
Cis-regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .	0.43	are	Cis-regulatory elements	sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene		
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	0.35	filed	Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington	an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves		
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	0.30	produce can be attributed	Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles a non-maximal result during the initial phase	a consistent 10 ring performance to the participant		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	0.37	was to perform	Curley	the first classical organist a solo organ recital at the White House		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	0.35	held	DC Comics	a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .	0.37	was intended to have	Dodo	a `` common '' accent	originally	
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	0.45	played	Dr. Pim	for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896		
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	0.30	found	the opposing attitudes on love	throughout the play		
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	0.30	being based	the transmitter location	in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage		
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	0.30	increased	the number of Turkish run cafes	from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945	During the Second World War	
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	0.38	run	the morning and evening rush hours some services	direct to/from Paddington and Reading	During	
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .	0.43	brought	Each of the Matoran	their Toa stone		
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	0.43	have been predominantly produced	Erotica and pornography involving sex between women	by men for a male and female audience		
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	0.43	could lead	Failure to perform the duty	to prosecution at law and re-enslavement		
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	0.35	are compiled	Falun Gong 's teachings	from Li 's lectures		
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	0.30	was dug	the Miami Canal		From 1909 to 1912	
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.30			From the start of the first semester of 2010	
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	0.30	contribute	knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance	to the frequency of rehearsal		
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	0.30	is must shoot constantly	Gameplay the player	very basic at a continual stream of enemies		
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	0.37	is	Gavin Hood	a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor		
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	0.38	battled caused	Godzilla and Battra they	on the ocean floor a rift to open between tectonic plates		
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	0.43	can be acquired takes	Good 1H NMR spectra	with 16 repeats only minutes		
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	0.36	seeks to spread	this way HTB	the teachings of Christianity		
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	0.37	played	Hapoel Lod	in the top division		
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	0.37	is offers	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	a MRO-Service company landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types		
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	0.37	also possesses	He	enhanced senses		
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	0.35	took		124 wickets		
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	0.45	finds himself	He	in a desert		
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	0.45	had spent having been	He	11 years in jail acquitted twice		
He is idolized , receiving the name of `` God '' .	0.45	is idolized receiving	He	the name of		
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	0.45	left	He	his old company , V2 records		
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	0.30	lay	the plain	ahead of Alexander 's army		
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	0.49	played	He	Perker		in the 1985 adaptation of The Pickwick Papers
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	0.45	represented	He	the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury		
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	0.35	drafted never entered		the text of the European Constitution into force		
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	0.45	was buried	He	in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum		
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .	0.45	reprieved	He	for a month , and then again for a week		
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	0.30	created	a 7th-century alliance	by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad		
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	0.40	was	Aiseau	a village dedicated to agriculture , logging	Historically	
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	0.43	are quenched	Hoechst 33342 and 33258	by Bromodeoxyuridine		
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	0.30	recently stated	BAE Systems	it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs		
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	0.40	lost crashed	Knievel	control of the motorcycle into a cameraman		
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	0.38	would be	the Germans	able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall	If given this data	
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	0.30	had surrendered	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	the town to Basil II	In 1005	
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	0.30	ended	a second term as Lord Chancellor	with his death in the next year	In 1866	
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	0.42	published	she	`` The Omaha Tribe		
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	0.30	was bought	The News and Courier	by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper	In 1926	
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	0.30	discovered	a KOMO news photographer	a way to develop color film in a new process		
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	0.38	won	he	from Yakutpura		
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	0.38	found	researchers	metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ	In 1972	
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	0.32	was directed	Barrie	by Lee Grant	In 1975	in the television movie
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	0.30	appeared	she	in	In 1977	two television films
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	0.40	became	Rodan	president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research	In 1987	
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	0.32	became	Kelsang Gyatso	also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme	In 1990	
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	0.30	finished	the Brumbies	at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team	In 2004	
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	0.36	lost	they	to St Albans Centurions		
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	0.30	co-opted	scam websites	a photograph of her to promote health treatments		
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	0.30	launched	major vendors	several consumer-oriented motherboards		
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	0.40	voted	Bloomberg Businessweek	San Francisco as America 's Best City	In 2012	
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	0.38	regulate	there are two organizations	university and collegiate athletics		
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	0.30	are called	the Samaritans			
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	0.30	will be revealed	its fulfilment	in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World		
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	0.30	being cable hauled	trains	to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel		
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	0.30			In September 1941	
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	0.38	were	all cases of meatal stenosis	among circumcised boys		
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	0.30	survive	only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe			
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	0.32	stated	Holkins	that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France		
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	0.32	left	Boston College	the Big East Conference		
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	0.38	replaces	this specialized function	the basic rifleman position in the fireteam		In both cases
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	0.38	concluded	RCPO	858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases	In its first six months	
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	0.38	is often treated	it	as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family		
In more recent years , this policy has apparently relaxed somewhat .	0.38	has apparently relaxed somewhat	this policy			In more recent years
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	0.38	ordered	UTA	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG		
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	0.30	have been severely affected	Cyprinidae of southwestern North America			
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	0.30	were able to form	the Oppositionists under George Leake	a minority government	In the 1901 election	
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .	0.43	depended	In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy	on tourism		
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	0.32	took	Johns	the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann		In the 1986 television series
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	0.30	advocated	he	strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans		In the Civil War
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	0.30	formed was sent	the 5th Dragoon Guards	part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade to the Black Sea	in 1854	In the Crimean War
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	0.38	scheduled	Knievel was	for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois	In the winter of 1976	
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	0.38	began to collaborate	he	with some newspapers	In those years	
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	0.38	transitioned	the squadron	to the A-4L Skyhawk	later	
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .	0.38	were thought to be	his chances of surviving	no better than 50-50		
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	0.37	has	It	long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail		
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	0.38	spoken	the dialect	in Xiamen		
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	0.45	is not really	It	passable		
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	0.45	is	It	part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty		
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	0.37	was named	It	for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley		
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .	0.30	was	It aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession		originally	
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	0.35	even declined	Its cultivation	in favour of the Asian species		
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	0.43	introduced	JAL	jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route	in 1961	
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	0.45	is	James Arthur Hogue	a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan		
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	0.35	brought	John Stewart and Guy Gardner	down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery		
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	0.37	appeared	Johns	as an Imperial Officer		
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	0.35	led	Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital	his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security		
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars '' .	0.38	to appear	time off	on `` Dancing with the Stars		
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	0.37	graduated	Kim	from Ballard High School in Louisville		
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	0.35	include :	Kostabi 's other releases	`` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism		
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	0.37	kept	Langford	Walcott at a distance with his longer reach		
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	0.30	believe	they	that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings		
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	0.43	is also seen	Lens subluxation	in dogs		
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	0.37	began	Li Hongzhi	his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun		
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	0.35	lampooned		the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK	at the time	
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	0.45	is	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014		
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	0.30	are surgically removed are also excised	Many larger ones	for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden for prevention of cancer		
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	0.38	continued	the Mason City Division	to operate as usual		
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	0.45	has been blended	Modernity	without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos		
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	0.35	began	Modification of the river	in Miami	in 1896	
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .	0.43	remains	Much of the station	in the disused subway		
Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time , Ali ibn Abi Talib , even though his sister Aisha opposed ` Ali in the battle of Jamal , Ibn Abu Bakr was faithful to his stepfather .	0.35	was	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr	a pious Muslim who supported the Imam of his time		
Newhan split the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .	0.45	split	Newhan	the season between Triple-A Round Rock		
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.45			Next morning	
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	0.43	was made	No announcement from UTV	about the decision to close the station earlier than planned		
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	0.38	has is primarily reached	Noatak a gravel public airstrip	by air		
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	0.44	belonged	there was 1 individual who	to the Christian Catholic faith		
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	0.44			On 16 June 1944	
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	0.40	was named	Yost	manager of the Kansas City Royals	On May 13	
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	0.40			On May 15 , 2007	
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	0.40	ended	Brown	his contract early	On November 2 , 2005	
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	0.35	is	One candidate	a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron		
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	0.35	referred	Opponents of religious freedom	to it as `` Rogue 's Island	sometimes	
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	0.30	retains	Hank McCoy	the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape	Originally	
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	0.35	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber		
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	0.38	incorporated	a mining company	in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan		
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	0.43	is	Parental investment	any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring		
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	0.37	generally performs	Piffaro	a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia		
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	0.37	have been planted	Plants	marking parts of the foundations of the castle		
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	0.38	signed	the Royals	Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season	Prior to the 2012 season	
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''	0.38	could only call	the Player	one of four available `` hot routes	Prior to the Playmaker tool	
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	0.43	are usually biopsied	Proliferative nodules			
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	0.35	may be	Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian	widespread in the auditory world		
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	0.38	refuse to believe	her superiors			
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	0.30	have greatly influenced	they	the country and the world at large over the years		
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	0.35	are known	Several isomers of octene			
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	0.47	died	She	in October 1915 of a heart attack		
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	0.37	provided	She	an audio commentary for the episode		
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	0.37	published	She	more than 15 research publications		
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	0.45	was born	Shea	on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco		
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	0.32	has won	Richmond	ten premierships	Since joining the competition in 1908	
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	0.43	were specified	Sometimes extra payments			
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	0.30	affects also affects	knowledge and interest in the event	the level of personal importance for the individual the individual 's level of emotional arousal		
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	0.37	functioned	Sukhum	as the capital of the `` Union treaty		
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	0.45	moves	Swinburne	in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological		
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .	0.47	is	Team Racing	a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team		
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	0.43	was raised	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	at Winchester	in January 1858	
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	0.43	are also known	The Acrolepiidae family of moths	as False Diamondback moths		
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	0.38	formed	an alternative rock/new wave band	in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981		
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	0.30	depicted	its frescos	the mythological hero		
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	0.35	is	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice		
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	0.35	was organized	The CRZ	by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement		
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	0.35	was transferred	The Charles City equipment	to Mason City		
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	0.35	formed	The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts	a `` Cathedral Immunity District		
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	0.37	is	The Main Street Tunnel	an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal		
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	0.38	become	many of its descendants	rebbes		
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .	0.45	were widely distributed	The PAC bulletins	at these meetings		
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	0.35	was supposed to guard abandoned	The Persian contingent that	the defile it	soon	
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	0.45	was honored	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	by his alma mater		
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	0.30	located	The River Stour Trust a purpose built Visitor Centre	at Cornard Lock		
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	0.35	killed	The SAS	a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members		
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	0.43	added	The Steinbrenner family	a monument to Monument Park	on September 20	
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	0.45	runs	The Summer Programs Office	these programs		
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .	0.45	was established	The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game	in 2006		
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	0.43	produced was promoted	The album	by Roy Thomas Baker with American and European tours		
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .	0.43	also confirmed	The band	that the album would be self-released		
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	0.43	was dammed	The canal	off from the river		
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	0.43	ever got was	The closest Watson	when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House	in 2003	
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	0.43	is served	The community	by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office		
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	0.43	speak are	The dialects they	similar but have different intonations		
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .	0.35	was erected	The diocese	as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927	originally	
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	0.43	is based	The economy of Ostrov	on food , electronic , and textile industries		
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	0.35	also has	The ensemble	extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records		
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .	0.35	can be found	The extension of the University Library	on the second floor		
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	0.35	would have	The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity	important consequences in later action		against German forces in Tunisia
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .	0.43	is named	The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond	the Pete Lehr Field		
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	0.43	comes	The first	from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics		
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	0.35	would be added	The first five laps	to the second part of the race		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	0.35	opened	The first library in Huntington Beach	in 1909		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	0.30	featured extensive played	The following tour the group	dates in East Asia Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam		
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	0.43	had pledged	The founder	himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner		
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .	0.43	had	The fuselage	an oval cross-section		
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	0.43	sponsored	The insurer	the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981		
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	0.43	was directed	The opening credits sequence for the collection	by Hanada Daizaburo		
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	0.43	were removed	The rapids at the head of the South Fork	in 1908		
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	0.35	came	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat		
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	0.35	can be reprocessed	The residue	for more dripping		
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	0.35	recall	The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine	the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple		
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	0.38	stayed aboard	former US President George H. W. Bush		in November 1995	
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .	0.35	severely curtailed	The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933	the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State		
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	0.35	provides	The staff	a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night		
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	0.30	was renamed	the S&D station	as Midsomer Norton South		
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	0.35	alleged	The suit	that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market		
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	0.38	being produced	at least one model	in February 1993		
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	0.35	was served	The town	by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway	previously	
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	0.43	signify	The very large piers at the crossing	that there was once a tower		
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .	0.43	was to feature	The video	the first ever the use of dialogue		
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	0.43	was	Their mission	always for a specific mandate		
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	0.43	continued to increase	Their numbers	each year		
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	0.30	are put	the fillets	in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery	Then	
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	0.30	has reopened	the building	as Keld Lodge	since	
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	0.30	were	36.4 %	non-families		
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	0.30	were	56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 %	non-families		
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	0.30	were	30.6 %	non-families		
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	0.43	supplied	These and other attempts	a bridge between the literature of the two languages		
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	0.37	are	These	visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211		
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect '' .	0.38	called	a cosmic energy source	the `` Omega Effect		
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	0.43	allow	These orientations	easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom		
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	0.41	beat	They	Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0		
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	0.37	have included	They	some of the most dangerous assassins in the world		
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .	0.45	go	They	through a period of dormancy after flowering	usually	
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	0.43	was broadcast	Third TV drama series	in 2008		
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .	0.43	has also become	This attire	popular with women of other communities		
This can be further generalized by defining a Q-valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .	0.37	can be further generalized defining	This	a Q-valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories	by	
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	0.45	was equipped	This engine	with an electronically controlled carburetor		
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	0.30	was	it	the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales		
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .	0.35	occurs		in the cuboidal cells		
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	0.35	was extended	This line	east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East	on 13 November 1913	
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	0.35	gives	This mutation	him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance		
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	0.35	framed	To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy	Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect		
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .	0.43	live	To the north , along and across the same border	speakers of Lakha		
Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .	0.45	constructed	Total ` Fresh Food Story	at the end of the North Mall		
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001 .	0.45	was incorrectly credited	Trumbull	in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001	often	
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	0.32	currently married is	Ladd	the mother of actress Laura Dern		
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	0.35	were won	Two seats	by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own		
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .	0.43	intersects	US 258	NC 222 in Fountain	before entering Edgecombe County	
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	0.38	built	each company	different parts of the aircraft	Under the Comanche program	
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	0.30	is not	he	a figure of authority but rather a yeoman		
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .	0.43	are put to be taken	Unruly passengers	off here into custody	often	
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	0.45	has served elected	Watson	as Minority Leader by his caucus	since in November 1998	
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	0.30	launched	an online journal of media and arts criticism	in January		
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	0.32	was	Stauffenberg	convinced that no one in the room could have survived		
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	0.40	painted	Scieszka	apartments	While pursuing his MFA at Columbia	in New York
Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .	0.45	is	Why the `` Epilogue	unknown		
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	0.35	may require	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy		
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	0.38	expressed	the Cosmos	concern for what Battra might do		
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	0.42	has captivated	she	Yaromir		
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	0.35	became		one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit		
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	0.43	became		a gigantic charity		
`` The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .	0.45	topped	`` The Cure	the online music sales charts		
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	0.36	supported	only a few concert organists worldwide who	themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes		
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	0.39	due	$ 300 million of bonds	Nov. 16		
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	0.38	week passed	the Senate last	a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad		
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	0.38			when Beatrice first filed to sell debt	
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	0.43	is	A similar technique	almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice		
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	0.38	designated	an exchange member	to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock		
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	0.35	said	A spokesman	HealthVest has paid two of the three banks		
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	0.35	postponed	A state judge	a decision on a move by holders of Telerate		
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .	0.38	exercise regularly	they			
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	0.35	is estimated to be tied up	About $ 70 billion	in the short - term money market		
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	0.38	are seriously pouring	more and more U.S. companies	in	After years of talking about selling in Japan	
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	0.32	wo n't produce	Mr. Azoff	films	at first	
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	0.30	will be	they	without an agenda		
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	0.30	could be delayed	it	if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity		
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	0.40	would develop	Mr. Azoff	musical acts for a new record label		
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	0.30	has always been will strain	the public reporters and editors	fascinated by gossip and voyeurism for creative angles		
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	0.38	got	he	rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company		
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	0.43	reported	Annualized interest rates on certain investments as	by the Federal Reserve Board		
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	0.30	said	he	he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors		
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .	0.40	had	American Brands	95.2 million shares outstanding	As of Sept. 30	
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	0.30	have tripled	sales	since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business	in 1987	
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	0.30	were	almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index	sharply higher	At one point	
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	0.37	said	Avery Inc.	it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding		
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	0.38	are jolted	certain areas in subjects ' brains	with a magnetic stimulator	Between flashes	
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .	0.45	reflect	Both	the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives		
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	0.43	ended moderately encouraged	British government bonds	higher by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks		
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .	0.38	sits	amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries	only one real - life PC		
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	0.38	did n't need to belong	they	to a health club		
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	0.30	are all up	new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds	this month from September 's level		
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .	0.38	makes	the sort of hold one	while heading for the door		
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	0.30	is forced to pay	the FHA	for more loans going sour		
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	0.32	often behaved	Judge O'Kicki	like a man who would be king		
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	0.38	can	we	think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond		
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	0.43	are n't reported	But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 --			
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	0.38	n't dismiss	you ca	Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight		
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	0.35	will jump	Combined PC and work - station use in Japan	as much as 25 % annually over the next five years		
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	0.30	has been fueling helped push	the current robust domestic demand	sustained economic expansion up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery		
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	0.35	effortlessly scoops		up a groundball	once Oakland 's master thief	
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	0.45	said	Daimler	it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures		
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	0.38	said	traders	the market remains dull		
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	0.36	have passed	the number of balloonists ( those who	a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test	During the past 25 years	
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	0.43	would be based	Each company 's share of liability	on their share of the national DES market		
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	0.30	had no trouble selling out	Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank	a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors	Earlier this year	
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	0.38	pores	Early in the morning Mr. Sider an estate lawyer	over last wills and testaments		
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	0.37	said	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto		
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .	0.38	have been desperate	the remaining members	for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group	Ever since	
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .	0.40	promptly signed	I	up		
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	0.43	have raised	Few people in the advertising business	as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum		
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	0.32	has	Mitsubishi Estate	no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board		
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	0.37	incurred	First Boston	millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities		
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	0.30	have n't managed	unions	to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers	For the past five years	
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	0.32	said	Jeffrey Kaufman	he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively		
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	0.37	said	Ford Motor Co.	it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars		
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	0.35	holds		the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei		
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	0.37	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain		
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	0.43	contended	He also	that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction		
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	0.45	has n't been	He	able to replace the M'Bow cabal		
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	0.38	to have	the company	$ 500 million in sales for this year		
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	0.43	classifies	Her recent report	the stock as a `` hold		
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	0.38	is n't abandoning	StatesWest	its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa		
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	0.32	was unlikely to sell	Canada	the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty		
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	0.38	are adopted survive	most poison pills they	forever		
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	0.70	contends	Humana	that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .		
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	0.43	voted	Hungary 's Parliament	to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president		
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	0.30	recognized	your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item	the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century		
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .	0.38	do n't look	there 's something ' weird and it	good		
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	0.38	account	those functions	for only about a third of the software market		In Japan
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	0.30	sold is	more than half the PC software	either for spreadsheets or for database analysis		
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	0.38	generated	an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines	considerable attention		In the corporate market
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	0.30	rose	profit	10 % to $ 313.2 million	In the first nine months	
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .	0.46	had bolted out of	the insurance adjusters	already the courtroom		
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .	0.37	came	It	in London 's `` Big Bang		
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	0.30	ended	4.7 % in the 12 months	in September 1988		
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	0.30	were traded	6.5 million of which	by midday		
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	0.30	are owned	fewer than 3 % of its shares	by employees and management		
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	0.35	use PCs	Japanese office workers	at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans		
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	0.43	are climbing	Labor costs	at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry		than in other industries
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	0.40	has	Mitsubishi	control of some major projects		
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	0.35	are	Medical cooperatives	banned from providing general - practitioner services		
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	0.37	headed has	Metromedia ,	by John W. Kluge interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment		
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	0.35	also moved	Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000	in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields		
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	0.30	have been exaggerated	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed			
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	0.37	is	Mr. Phelan	an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions		
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	0.35	fires	Mr. Ridley 's decision	the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker		
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	0.30	still has n't acted	the board	on most of the internal report 's recommendations		
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	0.45	suspected	Mr. Stoll	the intruder was one of those precocious students		
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .	0.43	is expected	Mrs. Marcos 's trial	to begin in March		
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	0.45	has n't admitted	Mrs. Marcos	that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government		
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	0.30	was	damage to Sino - U.S. relations	`` very great		
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .	0.30	has expanded	a general - practice firm	recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work		
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .	0.43	claims		he 'd play for free		
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	0.38	has been left	the New York decision	intact		
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	0.30	says	he	Could be Cuddles		
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	0.30	to adopt	other states ' courts	the logic of the New York court		
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	0.30			On a recent afternoon	
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	0.35	covers	Pennzoil 's poison pill	five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner		
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	0.30	to retire	his intention	next year		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	0.37	recently introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada		
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	0.43	speeds	RISC technology	up a computer by simplifying the internal software		
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	0.43	can purchase	Repeat customers	luxury items at reduced prices		
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	0.45	was named	Roger M. Marino	to the new post of vice chairman		
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	0.37	said	Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc.	it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990		
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	0.43	agrees		that Mexico may be too eager		
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	0.38	is showing	the dollar	persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy		
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	0.45	is	Sen. Mitchell	confident he has sufficient votes		
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	0.37	strongly resisted	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd	deeper cuts sought by the House		
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	0.35	agreed		to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price		
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	0.45	will maintain	Sidley	its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo		
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	0.36	regroup	stroke patients ' brains			
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	0.30	also includes is	the real estate unit the imputed value of the real estate itself	debt close to $ 3 billion		
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	0.32	was voted	Judge O'Kicki	president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges		
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	0.32			if you have a headache	
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	0.30	directs	a hard - line Polish communist in exile	the human - rights and peace division		
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	0.43	slip	Student job postings at Boston University	10 %	this year following a 10 % drop in 1988	
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	0.30	oversees	a head nurse	up to 80 employees and $ 8 million	typically	
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	0.35	noted	Takeover stock traders	that with the junk - bond market in disarray		
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .	0.47	compares	That	with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk		
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	0.35	were targeted to be offered	The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes	at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR		
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	0.43	said	The Chemical spokeswoman	the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls		
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	0.35	also asks	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment		
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	0.35	added	The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company	that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring		
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	0.43	offering to include		light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons		
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .	0.43	too is dominated	The U.S. market	by a giant , International Business Machines Corp		
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	0.35	will be		Japan 's tallest building	when it is completed in 1993	
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	0.43	said	The company	the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time		
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	0.35	stemmed	The conviction	from federal charges of consumer fraud		
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	0.35	rose slightly	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 %		
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	0.43	drew	The dollar	strength from the stock market 's climb		
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	0.43	had profited handsomely	The executives	by building American National Can Co.		
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	0.35	took off	The field	in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation		
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .	0.43	has	The forest - products concern	about 38 million shares outstanding	currently	
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	0.35	has been badly hurt	The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy	by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet		
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	0.43	is backed	The issue	by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse		
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	0.30	was	IBM tapped the corporate debt market	in April 1988	The last time	
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	0.35	ended	The latest 10 - year notes	at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 %		
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	0.43	was helped	The market 's tempo	by the dollar 's resiliency		
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	0.43	to yield	The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 %	9.19 %		
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	0.43	may also be able to advise	The office	foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters		
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .	0.43	will favor	The operative definition of newsworthiness	virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts		
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .	0.43	was n't disclosed	The price	but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million		
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	0.35	are targeted to be offered	The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004	at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 %		
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	0.35	came	The surprise announcement	after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case		
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	0.30	has raised has been reluctant to abolish	The tax the government	less than one billion marks the levy for budgetary concerns		
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	0.43	will be sold	The three existing plants and their land			
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	0.35	are	The two leaders	expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation		
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	0.43	are also discussing	The two sides	certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies		
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	0.45	claim to have busted	They	spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country		
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	0.43	met	This provision	early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios		
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	0.32	announced	New York City	a 10 - point policy	This week	
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	0.30	are launching	jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc.	new lines		
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	0.38	is based	each index	on the close of 1969 equaling 100		
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	0.38	are pursuing	no government entities , including the EPA	UV - B measurements		
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	0.35	have	U.S. makers	under 10 % share		
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	0.35	agreed to sell	USG Corp.	its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto		
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	0.30	will be allocated based	the bids	on these discount offers		
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .	0.45	was elected	Vernon E. Jordan	to the board of this transportation services concern		
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	0.37	is being acquired has filed	Warner Communications Inc.	by Time Warner a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers		
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	0.30	must be populated	a lot of garages , basements and attics	with them		
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	0.38	pledged	viewers	over $ 400,000	Within two hours	
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	0.30	is spending	Business across the country	more time addressing this issue		
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	0.30	have	I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford	a free run		
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	0.36	pivotal	a gene	to the triggering of colon cancer		
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	0.35	said		Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp		
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	0.30	says	It 's really bizarre	Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency		
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''	0.38	do n't know	Most of the LBO guys	how to run a business anyway		
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	0.40	says	Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka	Guy L. Smith		
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	0.30	brought down	that { Warsaw Pact } superiority	to parity		
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	0.36	are flying are	The only people who	those		
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	0.41	has introduced		a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt		
