32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	1	were made	32.7 % of all households	up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older		
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	1	forms	A CEN	an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership		
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	1	became	he	the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history	in September 2006 at	
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	1	is also located	A cafeteria	on the sixth floor		
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	1	was casting	he	for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon		
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	1	set	a temporary air-conditioned public space	up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave		
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .	1	was evaded		by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika		
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	1	held	A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few	in the UK		
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .	1	diverges	NC 111	on Greenwood Boulevard		
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	1	has	A spectrum from a single FID	a low signal-to-noise ratio		
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	1	were	they	the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion		
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	1	is	the population of the town	2,310		
According to the South Koreans , many Koreans became victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period .	1	became	many Koreans	victims of Japanese brutalities during the colonial period		
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .	1	is authorized	the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite	by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum		
Additionally , the French Community of Belgium has controversially begun referring to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels .	1	has controversially begun referring	the French Community of Belgium	to itself exclusively as the ` Wallonia-Brussels Federation ' to emphasize the links between the French Community , Wallonia and Brussels		
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	1	ceased	cable hauling	and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels	After 1895	
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	1	named		it Earth	After five years of searching	
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	0.5			After the battle	
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .	1	is said to be	An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits	`` subsocial		
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	1	has formed	ABS	a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States		
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	1	escorted		Aisha back to Madina		
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	1	comprises	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	ten leaves of vellum , measuring		
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	1	were built	Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc.	in close proximity to the MAZ plant		
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	1	can use	Applications	this service to record activity for a production system		
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .	1	facilitates	Applying this technique	the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen		
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	1	insisted	he	, against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser		
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	1	was enshrined	the team	into the Basketball Hall of Fame	in 1959	
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	1	becomes	it	clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range		
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .	1	had to be dredged	the lower river	three times	in two years	
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	1	sent	the French kings	commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action	As early as the 15th century	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	1	contrasts	Armah	the two worlds of materialism and moral values		
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	1	requires	absolute accuracy of a measurement	a functionality for calibration		
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	1	aspires to become	Sandy	a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative		
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	1	were	Assisting in the recording process	Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group		
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	1	debut	the newly solvent airline	its new image		At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	1	are provided	these services	in compliance with state and federal law		
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	1	are attacking	the spirits	them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars		
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	1	unable to leave	Barbara	behind her vigilante life		
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	1	plays	the alliance	a significant role in Islamic ethics		
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	1	can outperform	Beast	any Olympic-level athlete		
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	1	had		been orphaned by the plague	By then	
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	1	had returned	Simpson	to his mansion in Brentwood	By this point	
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .	1	appear to have	Certain fractional quantum Hall phases	the right properties for building a topological quantum computer		
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	1	fulfilled by erecting	Chevalier	his promise a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary	the following year	
Cis-regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .	1	are	Cis-regulatory elements	sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene		
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	1	filed	Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington	an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	1	to perform	the first classical organist	a solo organ recital at the White House		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	1	often visited	a neighborhood Eisner	in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street		
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	1	played	Dr. Pim	for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896		
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	1	found	the opposing attitudes on love	throughout the play		
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	0.5			During the Second World War	
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	1	run	some services	direct to/from Paddington and Reading		
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .	1	brought met	Each of the Matoran	their Toa stone each other at the Great Temple		
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	1	dons	Stephanie	her costume again		
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	1	have been predominantly produced	Erotica and pornography involving sex between women	by men for a male and female audience		
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	1	could lead	Failure to perform the duty	to prosecution at law and re-enslavement		
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	1	holds	Li	definitional power in that belief system		
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	1	was dug	the Miami Canal		From 1909 to 1912	
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	0.5			From the start of the first semester of 2010	
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	1	contribute	knowledge and interest pertaining to the event	to the frequency of rehearsal		
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	1	must shoot	the player	constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order		
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	1	is	Gavin Hood	a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film		
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	1	is		the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company		
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	1	battled caused	Godzilla and Battra they	on the ocean floor a rift to open between tectonic plates		
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	1	can be acquired	Good 1H NMR spectra	with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes		
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	1	played	Hapoel Lod	in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s		
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	1	is	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types		
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	1	took	He	124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha	in 1962-63 his best bowling figures	
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	1	defines	He	Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition		
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	1	finds himself	He	in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him		
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	1	had spent	He	11 years in jail		
He is idolized , receiving the name of `` God '' .	1	is idolized receiving	He	the name of `` God		
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	1	left	He	his old company , V2 records		
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	1	became	Henry Stephens	a famous inventor and ink magnate		
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	1	played	He	Perker		in the 1985 adaptation of
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	1	represented	He	the riding of Nickel Belt		in the Sudbury
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	1	drafted		the text of the European Constitution		
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	1	was buried	He	in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery		
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .	1	was	He			
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .	1	hangs		in the air		
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	1	was	Aiseau	a village dedicated to agriculture , logging		
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	1	no longer produces	it	land mines or cluster bombs		
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	1	lost	Knievel	control of the motorcycle		
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	1	would be	the Germans	able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall		
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	1	had surrendered	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	the town to Basil II		
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	1	began	he	a second term as Lord Chancellor	In 1866	
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	1	published	she	The Omaha Tribe	In 1911	
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	1	was bought		by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper	In 1926	
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	1	appeared	Barrie	in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents	In 1964	
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	1	won	he	from Yakutpura		
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	1	found	researchers	metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ	In 1972	
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	1	was directed	Barrie	by Lee Grant	In 1975	in the television movie
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	1	appeared	she	in two television films	In 1977	
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	1	became	Rodan	president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research	In 1987	
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	1	became made	Kelsang Gyatso	also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory	In 1990	
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	1	finished	the Brumbies	at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team	In 2004	
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	1	using	several consumer-oriented motherboards	the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI	In 2011	
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	1	voted	Bloomberg Businessweek	San Francisco as America 's Best City	In 2012	
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	1	is mentioned	Marcus Perperna	as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial	In 54 BC	
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	1	that regulate	two organizations	university and collegiate athletics		
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	1	is to say		`` God and my whole body of Law		
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	0.5				In Jewish Hebrew
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	1	will be revealed	its fulfilment	in the cumulation of Creation		In Jewish belief
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	0.5			In June	
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	1	was confirmed	it	that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel	In October 2009	
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	1	were	all cases of meatal stenosis	among circumcised boys		In Van Howe 's study
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	1	stated	Holkins	that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France		In a news post
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	1	left	Boston College	the Big East Conference		
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	1	replaces	this specialized function	the basic rifleman position in the fireteam		In both cases
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	1	concluded	RCPO	858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases	In its first six months	
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	1	is often treated	it	as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family		In modern classifications
In more recent years , this policy has apparently relaxed somewhat .	1	has apparently relaxed somewhat	this policy			
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	1	ordered	UTA	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG		
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .	1	depended	most of Kabul 's economy	on tourism	In the 1960s and 70s	
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	1	took	Johns	the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann		In the 1986 television series
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	1	advocated	he	strong prosecution of the Union War effort		In the Civil War
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	1	formed	the 5th Dragoon Guards	part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade	In the Crimean War	
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	1	broke	the Welsh Methodists	away from the Anglican church	In the early 19th century	
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	1	was scheduled	Knievel	for a major jump in Chicago	In the winter of 1976	
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	1	began	he	to collaborate with some newspapers	In those years	
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .	1	to be	his chances of surviving	no better than 50-50	Initially	
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	1	spoken	the dialect	in Xiamen		
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	1	is not	It	really passable		
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	1	is situated	It	part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty on the Green Sand Way		
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	1	are	these numbers	inclusive of any of the childminders own children		
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	1	was chosen	It	in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west		
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	1	even declined	Its cultivation	in favour of the Asian species		
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	1	introduced	JAL	jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route	in 1961	
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	1	is	James Arthur Hogue	a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan		
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars '' .	1	asked	Keibler	for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars		
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	1	graduated	Kim	from Ballard High School in Louisville		
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	1	include	Kostabi 's other releases	: `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism		
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	1	is also seen	Lens subluxation	in dogs		
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	1	began	Li Hongzhi	his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992		in Changchun
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	1	lampooned	it	the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time		
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	1	is	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006		
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	1	continued to operate	the Mason City Division	as usual		
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	1	produce	Models	figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers		
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	1	has been blended	Modernity	without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos		
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	1	began	Modification of the river			
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .	1	remains	Much of the station	in the disused subway but there is no public access		
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .	1	started moving	Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham	out at LM Radio to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604	before	
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .	0.5			Next morning	
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	1	was made	No announcement from UTV	about the decision to close the station earlier than planned		
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	1	has	Noatak	a gravel public airstrip		
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	1	belonged	Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who	to the Christian Catholic faith		
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	1	was named	Yost	manager of the Kansas City Royals	On May 13	
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	1	ended	Brown	his contract early and left the federal government	On November 2 , 2005	
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	1	is	One candidate	a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron		
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	1	contains		a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album		
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	1	retains	Hank McCoy	the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape	Originally	
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	1	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth		
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	1	incorporated	a mining company	in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan		
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	1	to benefit	any expenditure of resources	one offspring		
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	1	generally performs	Piffaro	a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia		
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	1	signed	the Royals	Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season	Prior to the 2012 season	
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''	1	could only call	the Player	one of four available `` hot routes	Prior to the Playmaker tool	
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	1	delivers	Ballard	her report , which her superiors refuse to believe		
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	1	is		a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach		
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	1	have greatly influenced	they	the country and the world at large over the years		
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	1	returns convincing herself	Scarpetta	to Virginia in `` Trace that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement		
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	1	are known	Several isomers of octene			
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	1	died	She	in October 1915 of a heart attack		
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	1	provided	She	an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant		
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	1	published	She	more than 15 research publications		
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	1	was born	Shea	on September 5 , 1900		in San Francisco
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	1	has won	Richmond	ten premierships		
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	1	could liberate	a freed slave	himself from these residual duties		
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	1	affects also affects	knowledge and interest in the event	the level of personal importance for the individual the individual 's level of emotional arousal		
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	1	moves	Swinburne	in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological		
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .	1	is	Team Racing	a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team		
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	1	caused	an outbreak of plague in Venice	Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions	That same year saw	
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	1	was raised	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	at Winchester	in January 1858	
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	1	are also known	The Acrolepiidae family of moths	as False Diamondback moths		
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	1	are	The Alarm	an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales		
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	1	is	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice		
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	1	was organized	The CRZ	by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement		
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	1	formed	The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts	a `` Cathedral Immunity District		
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	1	is	The Main Street Tunnel	an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal		
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	1	is	The Nadvorna dynasty	notable inasmuch as many of its descendants		
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .	1	were	The PAC bulletins	widely distributed at these meetings		
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	1	passed	The Persian contingent Alexander	through without any problems		
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	1	was honored	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	by his alma mater		
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	1	killed	The SAS	a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army		
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	1	added	The Steinbrenner family	a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010		
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	1	runs	The Summer Programs Office	these programs		
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .	1	was established	The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game	in 2006		
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	1	required	The Venezuelan government	that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers		
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	1	produced	The album	by Roy Thomas Baker		
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .	1	also confirmed	The band	that the album would be self-released		
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	1	was dammed	The canal			
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	1	was founded	The city	by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880		
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	1	ever got was	The closest Watson	when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House	in 2003	
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	1	is served	The community	by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office		
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	1	speak are	The dialects they	similar but have different intonations		
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .	1	was erected	The diocese	as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang	originally on 17 March 1927	
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	1	is based	The economy of Ostrov	on food , electronic , and textile industries		
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	1	also has	The ensemble	extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and		
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .	1	can be found	The extension of the University Library	on the second floor		
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	1	deploy		as a single entity		
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .	1	is named	The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond	the Pete Lehr Field		
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	1	lived	Sweden 's Royal Couple	there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	1	opened has evolved	The first library in Huntington Beach	in 1909 to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning	since	
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	1	had pledged	The founder	himself to honour the Blessed Virgin		
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .	1	had	The fuselage	an oval cross-section		
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	1	sponsored	The insurer	the golf tournament		
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	1	was directed	The opening credits sequence for the collection	by Hanada Daizaburo		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	1	are	The permanent members	the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor		
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	1	were removed	The rapids at the head of the South Fork	in 1908		
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	1	came	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat		
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	1	can be reprocessed strained	The residue	for more dripping through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock		
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	1	recall	The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine	the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar		
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	1	was named	The second	after former US President George H. W. Bush		
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .	1	severely curtailed	The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933	the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State		
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	1	has	The station	a concourse and ticket office area		
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	1	should be scraped	chilled	clean and re-chilled for future use		
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	1	conspired to fix	they	prices for e-books		
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	1	signify	The very large piers at the crossing	that there was once a tower		
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .	1	to feature	the first ever	the use of dialogue		
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	1	was	Their mission	always for a specific mandate		
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	1	are put	the fillets	in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery	Then	
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	1	had	49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 %	a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families		
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	1	had	7.50 %	a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families		
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	1	had	31.5 %	a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families		
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	1	supplied	These and other attempts	a bridge between the literature of the two languages		
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	1	requiring	macro programming	the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face		
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect '' .	1	called	a cosmic energy source	the `` Omega Effect		
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	1	allow	These orientations	easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally		
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	1	beat	They	Milligan 1-0		
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	1	have included	They	some of the most dangerous assassins in the world		
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .	1	usually go	They	through a period of dormancy after flowering		
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	1	was broadcast	Third TV drama series	in 2008		
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .	1	has also become popular	This attire	with women of other communities		
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	1	equipped	This engine was	with an electronically controlled carburetor		
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .	1	is	This	most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus		
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	1	was extended east	This line	by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913		
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	1	gives	This mutation	him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance		
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	1	be carried out	the inspections	by experienced colliers		
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	1	led		the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office		
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	1	framed		Judaism		
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .	1	live	across the same border	speakers of Lakha		
Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .	1	constructed	Total ` Fresh Food Story	at the end of the North Mall		
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001 .	1	was incorrectly credited	Trumbull	in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001	often	
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	1	is	Ladd	the mother of actress Laura Dern		
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	1	were won	Two seats	by the Labor-Progressive Party		
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .	1	intersects	US 258	NC 222 in Fountain		
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	1	built	each company	different parts of the aircraft	Under the Comanche program	
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	1	is not	he	a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace		
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	1	has served elected	Watson	as Minority Leader by his caucus	since in November 1998	
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	1	could have survived	no one in the room			
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	1	painted	Scieszka	apartments	While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York	
Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .	1	is is	the `` Epilogue	missing unknown		
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	1	may require	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy		
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	1	expressed	the Cosmos	concern for what Battra might do		
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	1	has captivated	Morena she	Yaromir		
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	1	was officially transformed	Russia	from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one		
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	1	to be scaled	cannon caliber and armor thickness	according to that which existed on the prototype vessel		
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	1	became	`` Black Water ''	one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit		
`` For a list of all medalists , please see the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists ''	1	please see		the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists		
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	1	started	It	from modest beginnings		
`` The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .	1	topped	The Cure	the online music sales charts		
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	1	was	he	one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position		
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	1	due indicating	$ 300 million of bonds	Nov. 16 a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd		
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	1	week passed	the Senate last	a bill permitting execution of terrorists		
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	1	is	A similar technique	almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice		
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	1	designated to maintain	an exchange member	a fair and orderly market in a specified stock		
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	1	postponed	A state judge	a decision on a move by holders of Telerate		
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .	1	said	A surprising 78 % of people	they exercise regularly , up from 73 %	in 1981	
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .	1	earned adjusted	UniFirst a share	$ 2.4 million , or 24 cents for the split	A year earlier	
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	1	was effectively	he	re - elected		
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	1	are seriously pouring	more and more U.S. companies	in		in Japan
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	1	would develop	Mr. Azoff	musical acts for a new record label		
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	1	will strain	reporters and editors	for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health		
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	1	as reported	Annualized interest rates on certain investments	by the Federal Reserve Board		
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	1	said	he	he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination		
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .	1	had	American Brands	95.2 million shares outstanding	As of Sept. 30	
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	1	expected to clarify	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	his approach to the British economy and currency issues		
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	1	were	almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index	sharply higher	At one point	
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	1	are jolted	certain areas in subjects ' brains	with a magnetic stimulator		
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .	1	reflect	Both	the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives		
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	1	ended moderately	British government bonds	higher		
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .	1	sits	the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries	only one real - life PC	amid	
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	1	did n't need to belong	they	to a health club		
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	1	are all up	new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds	this month from September 's level		
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	1	would be	a man	king		
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	1	can think	we	of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond		
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	1	n't dismiss	you ca	Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight		
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	1	will jump	Combined PC and work - station use in Japan	as much as 25 % annually over the next five years		
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	1	said	Company officials	the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery		
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	1	said	Daimler	it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures		
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	1	said	traders	the market remains dull		
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	1	would be based	Each company 's share of liability	on their share of the national DES market		
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	1	agreed to buy	it	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.		
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .	1	have been desperate	the remaining members	for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group	Ever since	
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .	1	signed	I	up	promptly	
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	1	have raised	Few people in the advertising business	as many hackles		
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	1	has	Mitsubishi Estate	no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management		
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	1	incurred	First Boston	millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities		
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	1	can fly	a passenger	from Chardon , Neb.		
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	1	have n't managed to win	unions	wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers	For the past five years	
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	1	said	Jeffrey Kaufman	he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively		
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	1	contended	He also	that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction		
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	1	been	n't	able to replace the M'Bow cabal		
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	1	to have	the company	$ 500 million in sales for this year		
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	1	classifies	Her recent report	the stock as a `` hold		
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	1	calculated	on the world 's major stock markets	by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective		
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	1	is n't abandoning	StatesWest	its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa		
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	1	said	a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv	that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty		
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	1	are adopted survive	most poison pills they	forever		
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	1	voted to hold	Hungary 's Parliament	a national referendum on an election		
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	1	recognized	your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item	the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century		
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	1	account	those functions	for only about a third of the software market		In Japan
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	0.5				In recent testimony on Capitol Hill
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	1	sold is	more than half the PC software	either for spreadsheets or for database analysis		
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	1	generated	an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp.	considerable attention		In the corporate market
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	1	rose	profit	10 % to $ 313.2 million	In the first nine months	
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .	1	had already bolted out of	the insurance adjusters	the courtroom		
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .	1	came	It	in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation	the same year	
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	1	are owned	fewer than 3 % of its shares	by employees and management		
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	1	use	Japanese office workers	PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans		
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	1	will be	Keeping the Japanese happy	one of the most important tasks		
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	1	are climbing	Labor costs	at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries		
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	1	has	Mitsubishi	control of some major projects		
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	1	are	the causes of excess market volatility	far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy		
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	1	headed has interests	Metromedia	by John W. Kluge in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment		
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	1	also moved	Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000	in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields		
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	1	produced	the blockbuster hit they	for Warner		
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	1	said	Mr. Mulford	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated		
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	1	is	Mr. Phelan	an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions		
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	1	fires	Mr. Ridley 's decision	the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker		
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	1	still has n't acted	the board	on most of the internal report 's recommendations		
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	1	suspected	Mr. Stoll	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers		
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .	1	is expected to begin	Mrs. Marcos 's trial	in March		
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	1	has n't admitted	Mrs. Marcos	that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government		
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	1	said		that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great		
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .	1	'd play	he	for free		
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	1	has been left	the New York decision	intact		
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	1	to adopt	other states ' courts	the logic of the New York court		
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	1	has phoned	a Lexington woman	the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house	On a recent afternoon	
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	1	covers	Pennzoil 's poison pill	five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner		
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	1	to retire	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	next year		
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	1	speeds	RISC technology	up a computer by simplifying the internal software		
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	1	can purchase	Repeat customers	luxury items at reduced prices		
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	1	to remain	its U.S. sales	steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990		
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	1	agrees	Ryukichi Imai	that Mexico may be too eager		
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	1	shown	the U.S. economy	by economic indicators		
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	1	is	Sen. Mitchell	confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions		
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	1	strongly resisted		deeper cuts sought by the House		
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	1	said	Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm	they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s		
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	1	will maintain	Sidley	its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo		
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	1	was voted	Judge O'Kicki	president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges	Six years ago	
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	1	directs	a hard - line Polish communist in exile	the human - rights and peace division		
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	1	slip	Student job postings at Boston University	10 % this year following a 10 % drop	in 1988	
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .	1	compares	That	with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk		
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	1	to float	a price	four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR		
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	1	said	The Chemical spokeswoman	the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls		
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	1	failed to set	pilots	the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error		
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	1	does n't expect	it	any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring		
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .	1	is dominated	The U.S. market	by a giant , International Business Machines Corp		
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	1	has got off	it	to a slow start		
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	1	is completed	it	in 1993		
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	1	said	The company	the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time		
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	1	stemmed	The conviction	from federal charges of consumer fraud		
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	1	rose slightly	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 %		
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	1	drew	The dollar	strength from the stock market 's climb		
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	1	had profited handsomely by building	The executives	American National Can Co.		
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	1	took off	The field	in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation		
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .	1	currently has	The forest - products concern	about 38 million shares outstanding		
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	1	already buffeted	The government	by high interest rates and a slowing economy		
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	1	is backed	The issue	by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse		
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	1	ended	The latest 10 - year notes	at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday		
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	1	was helped	The market 's tempo	by the dollar 's resiliency		
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	1	was priced	The offering	with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 %		
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	1	may also be	The office	able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters		
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .	1	will favor	The operative definition of newsworthiness	virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts		
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .	1	was	it	$ 150 million		
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	1	are targeted to be offered	The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004	at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 %		
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	1	was languishing	The share price	at about 400 pence		
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	1	broke	the IRS	off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case		
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	1	will be	The three existing plants and their land	sold		
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	1	are	The two leaders	expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation		
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	1	involving	certain business ventures	cable rights to Columbia 's movies		
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	1	claim to have busted	They	spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country		
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	1	cuts	it }	against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is		
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	1	managed to traduce	the U.N. group	its own charter of promoting education , science and culture		
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	1	worried	investment bankers	about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios		
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	1	announced	New York City	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers	This week	
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	1	is moving to keep	Courtaulds	its institutional shareholders happy		
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	1	consider	a feat that most analysts	impossible with so many candidates running		
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	1	is based	each index	on the close of 1969 equaling 100		
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	1	are pursuing	no government entities , including the EPA	UV - B measurements		
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	1	have	U.S. makers	under 10 % share		
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	1	has reached	Unemployment	27.6 % in Azerbaijan		
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .	1	was elected	Vernon E. Jordan	to the board of this transportation services concern		
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	1	must be populated	a lot of garages , basements and attics	with them		
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	1	owning	real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel	close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock		
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	1	pledged	viewers	over $ 400,000	Within two hours	
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	1	won		audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet	for the End of Time	
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	1	will let	I ca n't believe they ( GM )	Ford have a free run		
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	1	foresee		any shortages over the next few months		
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	1	may have to slow	the RTC	{ S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales		
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	1	said		Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp		
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	1	says		Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency		
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''	1	do	Most of the LBO guys	n't know how to run a business anyway		
